This subtitle is a fan-made translation and
not affiliated with the original content creators.
"Will you not look at me?"
"Why not take a look properly?"
"Like a peacock longing for the rain to be
as I pass by. won't you look at me?"
"Will you not talk to me?
Why not talk properly?"
"Why can't you chat lovingly?"
"Like a honeyed Tamil song of glee
won't you speak to me melodiously?"
"Will you not look at me?
Why not take a look properly?"
"Like a peacock longing for a sky cloudy
as I pass by. won't you look at me?"
"Will you not talk to me?
Why can't you chat lovingly?"
"Like a honeyed Tamil song of glee
won't you speak to me melodiously?"
[temple bell ringing]
[mobile alarm beeps]
[steam hissing]
[dog barking]
[alarm beeping continues]
[steam hissing louder]
Sakthi
'Sakthi?'
Hmmmm
Hey Parasakthi
Hmmm!
'You wake up at 8'o clock'
'Then why do you keep your alarm
from 6:00 a.m and bug us?'
'Hey Parasakthi'
Do you have college or not?
No. ma
Then okay
Exam. ma
Exam?!
'Will you get out of bed or shall I come?'
Pcccht!!
[rapping on door]
Madhu?
Hey Madhu
Amma...?
You've been sitting in the loo
for an hour and a half
'Intend coming out or not?'
[loud rap on door]
'Hey! Come out. di'
HEY!
[rhythmic rapping on door]
What. di?
Please. open the door. di
Pcccht!
Hey! Listen
Hey Madhu. used up the water
and dancing here happily
Hey! No one else needs to
bathe other than you?
[door bell rings]
Is this Parimala's residence?
Yes. Parimala's family
- You are...?
- We are here to verify voter details
Who is Parimala?
Appa
Your father?
Yes. Parimala is my appa
Yes
I am Parimala
My grandmother's name
Pccht! Just a sentiment
Who is Sudhandhiram?
Amma
I was born on August 15th
That's why my name means freedom!
I haven't got any freedom
for anything so far!
I stepped into this kitchen 20 years ago
Parasakthi?
Enemy
Sorry...sorry. my elder sister
- Madhu?
- Madhumitha
That's me
S.I.R. huh?
- Yes. sir
- Oh!
- Will we be able to vote?
- Yes. sir
Okay...okay
Move. move aside
Give me way
Right of way
Anyone else in your family?
- Tina?
- Your younger sister?
Over there
[dog barking]
Before her. we had Rina
Pccht! She died
- Fill this form
- Okay
'Sudhandhiram. Rs 2000
for 1 gas cylinder'
'If we book now
we will get after 1 month'
Were you drunk
when you named me 'Madhu'. pa?
Whoever pronounces 'Madhu'
They don't even emphasize
They draaag my name to the fullest
Parasakthi
I chose that name
Madhumitha
Your mother's selection
When we were traveling by train
from her hometown Palakkad
She thought long and deep
and came up with your name
- Ready. ma
- So soon. di?
- Showered?
- I washed my face
I dabbed perfume all over
I'll shower after my exam. bye
How will Goddess Saraswati bless you?
Now do you understand?
Why even Goddess Lakshmi
doesn't enter our house?
You'll say. because of her
you didn't find your Mr Right
Go
Is this how you talk to a girl?
Wretched wife!
Why will I say this if she behaves
like a prim & proper girl?
Your mother has come back in her form
If you don't drag my mother
every single day. you can't sleep in peace!
A daughter-in-law mudslinging
her mother-in-law and vice versa
That is the order of the day
in every corner of India
That too. in middle class
100% impossible
[crow cawing]
[water overflowing]
[door bell rings]
Who has placed a flower pot on my doorstep?
Huh? Flower pot?
Oh! Uyir Ulag brother
I got confused. come in
Tell me why I rang your door bell?
Must be short term memory loss
I've already paid your rent
What if you've paid?
Switching on the motor often
Is this how you will
waste precious water?
Aiyo! My eldest daughter Sakthi's doing
She will insert the charger cable?
She will forget to switch it on
She will switch on the motor
and forget to switch it off
- Switch on the fan-
- Enough. stop
- Enough?
- This is my house
Hope you remember that?
Of course. that's why
I look after it as my own
Don't change the ownership documents
Just pay the rent promptly
Okay?
Definitely
[clearing throat]
What do you want for dinner?
'Idli'
'Dosa'
'Chappathi'
- All 3
- 'No'
Only 1 option
- Chappathi
- Dosa
- Idli
- Okay
Then it is 'pongal'
[dog barking]
Not for you. darling
Your favorite bread omelet for you
Pongal was not even in your list
Your votes got split. one each
This committee decided on 'pongal'
Aiyo! No need rice and lentil at night. ma
Appa wanted chappathi. right?
I'll vote for the same
I vote for chappathi too
3 votes counted
Committee has decided
on 'chappathi' for dinner
I want only dosa
Okay. dear
You can have your dosa
Give her Rs 50 in her account
She can have her dosa
in the roadside mobile eatery
Go. my dear
[shared chuckle]
8:30
What is that?
If I cook all by myself. 9
If one of the girls help. 8:30
If everyone lends a hand. then 8
Okay
- Okay
- 8
I choose 8 too
Then I agree to 8:00 p.m too
Okay. come on
Tina. come
"While Time usually races right through
its hands now stand still for you"
Parasakthi
'Open the damn door'
"The tune that runs online
a real koel sings 'live' so divine"
"Will sadness fade anew
into the sky. out of view?"
"Will gladness out of the blue
climb on the rooftop seeking you?"
- Coffee
- In 10 minutes
Can you get me juice?
Juice
In 10 minutes
can you give me soup?
- Soup
- Buttermilk?
- Buttermilk
- Can you make black coffee for me?
Black coffee?
Give your stomach
some rest please
Why are you stalking me?
- I like you
- Took you 13 months to say this?
My horoscope has certified me
as a stubborn. headstrong shrew
My husband has to toe my line
My amma tried her best to reform me
No way. she has changed her ways now
Falling in line with my wishes
To sift and sieve and
marry such a strong-willed girl
That's my ambition
What a weirdo!
"If spice is lessened in chutney
will that change its name. tell me?"
Iran is being bombed and
you are hitting coins here
"Like the 4 wheels moving a car
let's always stay as a family together"
Is my black coffee ready?
What-
HEY!
I swear!
What to do with this family?
YOV! Parimi
Even the dog barks in reply
But their lips are zipped!
"Will gladness climb anew
the terrace in search of you?"
Uncle...uncle
The water is mossy green
because the tank hasn't been cleaned
- So?
- Tank has to be cleaned
Hire someone to clean it
We can do it ourselves
Not enough. no. di?
'Aiyaiyo!'
I'll get even with you
Appa!
Let go of me. di
No one in this world is worse
than those who fall in love
'Dress isn't good. color is bad
Why do you use lipstick?'
'Who is that chap? Who is this fellow?
Why do you talk to him?'
Aiyo! Plaguing questions
'And killing me'
Such control freaks are
just not my type at all
Describing your character as mine
I like that very much
- Let's see
- See you
Your pot is full. move
Hey! Is this free Govt water supply?
We informed your owner
- What? Owner-
- Go and ask him whatever
Parimi...hey!
- What is it?
- Neighbor females are taking our water
Where is your father. di?
Appa is bathing
Whaaat? Ask him to come out and bathe!
Should ask him to vacate at once
Hey. take your damn pot and get out
Uncle
Your look
Awe...some
[dog barking]
Parimala uncle
'Madhu darling'
She is not my lady-love
My liiife
Your words and actions
are not at all decent
Don't follow my daughter hereafter
Not follow her even in FB
and Insta too. Parimala uncle?
Don't stalk-
Hi
I'll kidnap Madhumitha
and marry her. challenge?
Weed weirdo
Why is appa talking to that creep?
He has been acting cheap with Madh-
Hey Madhu darling
- I love you
- Chee!
Yuck. huh?
Madhu darling
Want to taste this fish?
- Get lost. madcap!
- Wowww!
Real torture it seems
How can he torture a 'torture'. ma?
Torture squared!
You go inside
'Hello. 'freedom' aunty'
'You tell
Give me your daughter'
Dai! I'll break your teeth
One more step and I will slap you
Public place. so I'm sparing you
Okay uncle. how many time
you beat also. beat...beat
Go in
And me. Madhumitha
'Loving and marriaging'
'And sitting my bike and riding'
How...how...how beautiful. uncle
So you...marriage
your daughter with me
'Uncle. it will be wonderful
if we dance together as a family'
Hey! Go away. please
Why is he stepping out?
- Uncle. why are you praying?
- Listen. please go
Amma. 1 coffee
This bold babe is ready to fight
- 'Why tension?'
- You there!
- Look at her. ma
- I am watching you
You are stepping off limit?
Humiliating my dad
in the middle of the road
Huh? Think you're a big shot?
Please. Parasakthi
I thought she's a student
She's even ready to kill
Excusing you only because
you are my babe's akka. otherwise-
Before I bash up your face
shut your gob and get lost
Uncle. what upbringing?
- What the hell?
- Parasakthi
I won't hesitate this is a road
You'll hang your head in shame
Go inside. pa
What are you gawking at? Go away
Please...please
Clear out before I spit on your face
You have the guts to spit?
That too. on my face?
Madhumitha is mine
'Anyone dares to butt in'
Sure to hit the grave
STOP IT!
You know what's good for this face?
A splash of acid will add color
- I'll do it. di
- Scoot before I count 5
- Clear out
- Come inside
We have tortured this girl
a hell of a lot
You think she will hurt us?
'Using your daughter
to threaten me?'
- Go...go...go. please
- Advise your daughter
- Lower your nightie
- He's being so boorish
Act decent
Untie this
- Don't beg. I'm going
- Please go
That mop-head is
watching from upstairs
Is this a show to watch?
Clear out. da
[Malayalam] No other work in the morning
'Parimi'
Your son-in-law
is the find of the year
'Your family can
weed away to glory'
Bye. 'freedom' aunty
I have no hassle or shame
he came and created an ugly scene
But the fact you picked a fight with him!
Aiyo!
Then what. pa?
Should a girl be stuck in the kitchen
like our amma and watch the fun?
I can't be like that
Coffee
Do you know
how dangerous he is?
My dear husband!
HEY!
I'll ensure my son kills you. da
She etched a feud for
12 years in her son's mind
So Varghese smoked up
and killed him
'Good lord!'
How do you know all this?
A fellow who is following my child
Won't I follow him?
Varghese will carry out his threat
Even that's okay
Whatever it is. doesn't appa
deserve respect. ma?
Will you be so vulgar
to spew swear words at him?
[muttering cuss words]
Even now she's cussing me. pa
- Heard her?
- Shut up!
I'll get even with you
Stupid of me to take your side
- Now she's blaming me
- Both of you. stop it
- Let go
- How to stop them?
- Did I ask you to defend me?
- Let go. di
Oh no! You shouldn't
fight like this. dear
You get a regular knife
You pick the traditional kitchen cutter
Go chop each other outside
in the middle of the road
Only then it will turn into a reel
and become viral
Is that so?
[clenching teeth]
[snorting]
Parimala
Not just 1
Both your daughters are for me
Ahaaaa!
Freedom! Here you are
Old man. she is my mother-in-law
Give whatever she wants
I'll pay you. not to worry
She has given me
pure gold. 2 gems?
Look. don't create a ruckus
wherever we go
Then you'll feel real bad
As if I'll feel bad!
Listen to me. you had better
get both your girls married to me
Otherwise. your freedom will be caged!
See you?
Freedom. Jai ho!
Madhu darling
Why is your father filing
a complaint against me?
You think a mere complaint will scare me?
Glaring daggers at me
Selfie sweety. huh?
Let me click a selfie
Pcccht! Delete that
Give me the phone
Delete that photo
'How dare you. da!'
- Warning you once isn't enough?
- Hey Parasakthi!
I've got a gift for you
Why are you
talking to him. di?
'As if I did!
He is stalking me'
- Dai!
- Hey!
Hey Parasakthi
You pounced on me that day
Egg...eggy
[gloating loudly]
[fireworks popping]
Why have you bought only sweets. pa?
- Let me expla-
- Where are the crackers. pa?
There are 2 ways
of bursting crackers
AIYO! APPA!!
Hear me out. darlings
The first one is buying crackers
spending money from our pocket
Getting scared while lighting it
That powder inside it smearing stains
on your hands and new dress
End up burning holes
in your new dress as well
Neither is it safe nor does it provide
satisfaction even if it is saturation level
The second way?
Make it a picnic on our terrace
Munching on our sweets happily
Watching others bursting crackers
pretending we got people to do so
Screaming loudly in pleasure and
enjoying to the fullest is the other way
You get safety
Satisfaction
Savings too
Short & sweet
Zero budget Deepavali?
Bingo!
Ours is the best fireworks show
in this entire neighborhood. no?
That must have cost Rs 500
Rs 500 vanished into smoky air!
Look. that must be Rs 1500!
Click that
Upload in your status
'Ahaa!'
We must have burst crackers
roughly to the cost of Rs 10.000. no?
No. we have burst for 12500
- Heard that?
- 'How he's tricking those poor girls'
Couldn't you have bought crackers
at least for Rs 2000 - 3000?
If he does that. I will gladly
transfer this house to his name
Buy just to make him lose the bet
Even then your husband
won't spend a single rupee
Sudhandhiram
Actually I went to
buy crackers for us
Adjacent to the fireworks shop
I saw a jewelry store
A girl invited me in
to buy jewelry
Another girl urging
passersby to buy crackers
Jewelry or crackers?
A middle class family like us
We scrimp and save somehow
And tend to buy gold
to get our gems married
That is why
I opted for gold
Sudhandhiram
Fighting with life to stay afloat
Swimming against the tide to survive
Our middle class existence slips away. no?
[loud explosion]
Yov! Parimala
Tomorrow morning if you don't wish
'Happy Deepavali. son-in-law'
And willingly tell me
'you are the groom'
- He will tell
- You will agree
See you. uncs
Happpy Deepavaliii
- Here. dude
- Give
Deepavali crackers
Hey! Enjoy
'Parimala. this is your last night
Think well before you decide'
We will
We will vacate tomorrow
I will withhold 3 months rent
And give balance deposit. okay?
You are a real son of a-
'He has posted on Insta'
Aiyaiyo!
Appa
One day
One day...?
He pulled me and hugged me
Yuck!
We can live in peace
only if he 'rests in peace'
Shall we kill him?
Agreed. pa
I am so furious right now
I feel like murdering him
But
Won't it be a crime
and become a case?
To kill is a crime. it will
naturally be a murder case
How do we murder
without anyone's knowledge?
No need such drastic measures. pa
We will get caught. pa
Yes. dear. even I feel
we will get caught
[crows cawing]
[dog barking]
[crackers exploding]
Hey! Doesn't that chap resemble
your younger brother Raghavan?
Your brother is also with him
Keep quiet and walk with us
[siren wailing]
'Move...move'
Move this side
Don't block the way
I wanted to have a proper oil bath
on Deepavali day
You are ruining the festivity
by calling me here
Move out of the way
Move...move
'Hey! Open'
He has been strangled
with a wire. sir
He is a hot-headed fellow
He would've acted with temerity
Someone must have killed him
Aiyo! My son
Varghese!
'Varghese'
Your mother is here. da
Don't touch the body
Come this side
Move...clear the scene
Go...clear out
Ambulance. drive here
[siren wailing]
What do you mean?
Yes. pa
He's dead
The police are planning
to investigate. it seems
Just to bash up. one amount
To separate the limbs
Hands and legs. another amount
Finish off once and for all
That's a bigger amount
Why are you overthinking?
We can do a clean job
Shall we do the needful?
Er...I don't
[smug chuckle]
Parimi
Happy Deepavali
Happy Diwali
[crackers exploding]
'Parimala & Co'
Why did you do this?
I used to burst crackers only
this way even when I was a kid
Only yesterday you asked us
how we can get rid of him
How did you kill him so soon?
Hey! Didn't we all decide
unanimously yesterday?
We will get caught if we kill
So we won't resort to murder
Then what?
I'm asking you why you killed him
when all of us decided not to
Why...kill-
[muttering under his breath]
'Freedom aunty'
'Then you'll feel real bad'
I'm so scared we'll be stuck
in some mess because of him. da
I think it is better
to vacate this house
Why shift your house. akka?
We'll shift him to hell instead
Hey! Don't rush in
and do something rash
As if we don't have a PhD in murder. huh!
Ohhh!
You used your younger brother
and did everything
Then turning the track my way. huh?
Yes
Dial 100
Call the police. hand me over
claiming I am the murderer
Dad
- She is the culprit. pa
- Me...?!
Send me his photo. address
and all the details you have
Okay. uncle
My actions will give you a solid headache
Are you okay with that?
That is life
Then will you help me?
But it is very risky
Why?
You want me to kill someone?
Shall we?
I'll slap you
Don't spin some yarn
Hey! Wait...wait
Didn't you crack your knuckles
and threaten to kill him?
'I will kill you for sure'
'All I have to do is nod my head
4-5 goons will close your chapter'
'Want to bet?'
Who are those 4 goons?
Appa. words spilled out
of my mouth in a flow that day
I am just a pitiful soul
I put up a brave front
Even she said. 'you will die in my hands'
'You will die in my hands'
An impending death before her wedding
is assured as per this girl's horoscope
Oh God!
Her stars are aligned
making her a murderess
AMMA!
- What do we-
- "Up the stairs...upstairs"
Let's go inside
and discuss calmly
Happy Diwali
Happy Deepavali
Who killed that Varghese. huh?
Sir. that's personal revenge
How do you say so?
If this were business
he'll be a corpse dumped on the road
Chopped his right hand. sir
With a deep seated vengeance
I'm sure this is family revenge. sir
- Why do you say that?
- He crossed a line somewhere
What did he touch
which he shouldn't have?
I want to meet the Inspector. sir
- Who is the Inspector?
- Of course you. sir
They say I am the Inspector of this station
If you want. tell me
Or meet the Inspector
in the next police station
Sorry. sir
I need to file a complaint
What complaint?
Sir. my bike is missing
'I parked my bike in
the free parking section'
'When I came back
it was missing'
You couldn't afford Rs 100
as parking fee
Penny wise and pound foolish!
- Eat this 'bhajji'
- No. thanks. sir
Take it
I won't accept
your complaint otherwise
Eat. da
Tasty?
Yes. sir
Tell me
This morning
A chap called Varghese was found dead
Do you know him?
No. sir
'Notorious rowdy Varghese from
Foreshore Estate in Chennai'
Finished him off. huh?
He deserved to die
Why are you so negative?
No. my dear
He is responsible for
my wife Karmegam's demise
He was on drugs and ran over my wife
who was walking by the side of the road
The police claimed
it was an accident
Or they threatened to
turn the case against me
How can I fight him?
That's why
Someone killed him
Emperuman. you are nabbing
the murderer of Varghese in 24 hours
Yes. sir. I am still
following that case
Aiyo! He has left me
to suffer in pain like this
What will I do without him hereafter?
'Oh God!'
I undertake catering
I cook and deliver food
He will follow me everywhere
calling out 'amma' every second minute
He was more of a friend
than a son to me. sir
He was in love with a girl
for a few years. sir
He was so frank. didn't hide
even that from me. sir
Who is that girl. madam?
Madhu?
'Sudhandhiram'
Why does she look
like she has seen a ghost?
'Hey!'
What is bothering you?
Nothing
I did
I did not
I did not kill him
I swear. pa
I didn't love him either. pa
Hey! You haven't even spoken to him
Then why are you scared?
No. I did not talk to him
But-
What is that 'but'?
Nothing. ma
Forget about it
Pa...?
She is hiding something. pa
Before the police knock
at our door for an inquiry
You start interrogating them
in your police style. dear
Have you spoken to him?
Or is the answer 'no'?
I haven't looked at his face
and uttered a single word. pa
Then why are you scared?
I've spoken over the phone. pa
Is that so?
For what?
I wondered why this chap
is piling so much respect on me
'I got his number and
gave him a courtesy call. pa'
Varghese. I'm Madhumitha speaking
No...no. I yelled at him. pa
Hey!
[yelling at supersonic speed]
Madhu darling
Your string of cuss words
is awwwwesome!
Did you call to yell at him?
Or did you yell at him
as an excuse to call him?
Did you talk to him
because you disliked him?
Or did you talk to him
to entice him?
[gritting teeth]
[mobile vibrating]
Pcccht!
He told his mother
Mother...mother
- I'm in love with this girl
- Really?
'His mother'
Proudly announced
to all her relatives
'This girl is my daughter-in-law to-be'
She pointed a finger
to my face and said so. pa
I was hopping mad
Then I called him once more
and spoke to him. pa
Call on top of call?
How else will she refer
to her 'daughter-in-law'?
You found out my # and called me
If you wanted to yell at me
you could have spat on my face
'What do you call this then?'
Love. right?
Get lost. you lunatic
The way you scold me
Awe-some
He spoke like a lunatic
[mobile vibrating]
I'm in an inquiry. you stupid girl
I'll call back
Hang up now
The thing is
That moment
I punched his face. pa
Achacho!
- I thought I gave birth to only 1 rowdy!
- Pcccht!
Are you a rowdy too?
How dare you hit my son. huh?
If he is still a wild fellow
after your marriage. then hit him
Even I hit my husband like that
- What do you say. Fafa?
- Yes. akka
His mother finds it funny
and laughs shamelessly
What an odd family. ma
One swift blow from me and
his nose went red and swollen
The moment I noticed that
I couldn't control my laughter
I laughed at his puffed up nose. pa
'But she thought I was
smiling at her son'
She is hiding tonnes of love
within her heart. my son
So she said loudly
Oh gawd!
He looked like Panda
with that swollen nose
Who is Pandan?
Like the cartoon figure Panda
I was so amused
I started laughing
The lady standing next to them said
'She is just blooming
Naturally she'll feel shy'
You sound like Vadivelu joking
about the pee-street in the film 'Giri'
Huhum
With his swollen nose he piped in
Awe....some!
He complimented shamelessly
My dear. this reminds me of
the bakery comedy in the film 'Giri'
Bakery?
What is that?
That dialog. dear
'I will keep your sister'
'You can keep the bakery'
Vadivelu will joke in that film
[cackling laughter]
[gnashing teeth]
Why that look?
Is this a joke to share
in front of our girls?
Is pee-street comedy alone a moral story?
[dog barking]
You had such a detailed
screenplay in your hand
In one line
'Appa. he is stalking me'
You painted it short and simple
Double wow!
Pa. we will be arrested for sure
[humming]
Hmmm...tell me
'We are a gang of 7
Thick friends from childhood. sir'
Yes. sir
Varghese is a good chap. sir
If all of you certify
will Varghese become a saint?
Yes. sir
You are all into lip pillow
nicotine pouch. no?
No. sir
Whether you are stoned.
baked or blazed
I need a hit
Who has it?
"Don't wane or fade so soon
Stay. my silver-white moon"
- Don't have?
- Sir
Not lip pillow. sir
But we have 'stamp' with us
Stamp?
LSD
Lip pillow is local. sir
Stamp is mind blowing
Show me
"Don't look at me; please refrain
My fragile heart can't bear the pain"
Give
I'll pop one too
Go over there
You go there
GET LOST. DA!
You come here. da
You come here
Tell me now
- Who killed Varghese?
- Don't know. sir
Cough up the truth. da
Jomi. sir
- Tell me. sir
- George
Tell me. bro
Nicholas
- Tell me. baby
- Cage
Boys. come here
Who is Jomi?
Who is George?
Who is Nicholas?
One man for all names. sir
Yes. sir. Jomi George Nicholas Cage
Repeat
Jomi George Nicholas Cage is a brand
If you try to destroy that brand
I'll go bang-bang-bang
Shoot all of you and move on
I am a brand label. da
Don't be scared
Whatever
Whatever happened has happened
The police will knock at our door
They will press and probe
Grilling us with question after question
We should be in sync and lie
- Okay. pa
- Kamal Haasan's 'Papanasam'
Haven't you watched that film?
In Hindi the hero is Ajay Devgan
In the original Malayalam version
Mohan Lal is the hero
You left out hero Venkatesh in Telugu
[gnashing teeth]
- Why?
- Is that important now?
'If you tell the truth'
I will save you
like Kamal Haasan did
How will you save us
when you were the murderer?
You will be behind bars. no?
Only we will be able to save you
I did-
I did not-
I did not kill him. di
I am not the murderer
Okay if you say so
I did not kill him
Hey! Touch your conscience and speak up
You killed him. right?
Appa. I swear I did not kill him
I promise on both of you.
it wasn't me. pa
[dog barking]
Okay
Both of you promise
by touching your mother's head
Why am I the lamb for the slaughter?
I swear I did not lie
If you lie. amma's head will explode
HUH?
Now both of you promise
We are your parents
Why should we promise. huh?
True that!
[mobile ringing]
May be he is the kill-
'Who is calling?'
- Hello?
- 'Did my husband come there. anna?'
- Raghavan?
- 'Yes'
He said he is going to Chennai
and left Palakkad
'He hasn't returned yet'
- Here?
- 'Yes'
Ahh...1 minute
Hey! Did Raghavan come here?
Promise. he didn't come?
Trust me
- No
- Okay. anna
'Hey! Doesn't that chap resemble
your brother Raghavan?'
'Your brother is also with him
Keep quiet and walk with us'
'Is my brother tagging along?'
Is he suspicious now?
Cheers!
Why is he hmmming?
Hmmmm
'I will figure it out'
[mobile vibrating]
'Madhu darling'
Who are you?
'A chap called Varghese is dead'
The last call he received
was from your number
Who are you?
I...I called by mistake
Is that so?
Whom are you kidding?
You told him to meet you
in Duming Lane
'You told him you'll give him a gift
Your voice has been recorded'
Hello?
- She cut my call
- Cut your call?
[dog barking]
Sssshhhh!
All of you. come here
Madhu. appa is calling us
I...I'm...coming
Come soon
My guess is
The police are on their way here
[police siren wailing]
We will make it clear we have
absolutely nothing to do with this murder
But the truth of the matter is
one of us must have killed him
Correct?
Let that secret stay with us
Okay?
Remember the film 'Papanasam'?
I have forgotten most of it
Can we watch it together?
You can watch it in YouTube
Search
Not uploaded as a full movie
Only as scenes
It will be better to watch it
in a flow. right?
Check which OTT platform?
Sun NXT. pa
How much?
Rs 899
Eight hundred and ninety nine?!
Only Rs 299 if we choose
the 3 month plan. pa
Nothing wrong in spending
Rs 300 for a murder case. no?
Subscribed?
Starring Kamal Haasan
'Papanasam'
[inhaling camphor]
Appa. police
How can it be?
Tamil Nadu Police
faster than lightning?
They have tracked us so soon
Aiyo! Evidence
Switch off the TV
All I wanted was to try a 'lip-pillow'
They gave me some rotten stuff
Got me buzzed flat
to lie low on a big pillow
My head is spinning like a giant wheel
Drive me home
'Have they come?'
They have left. pa
Ohhh!
They are in Observation Mode
Hang it properly
Fix the clip firmly
Aiyaiyo! They are here
[siren wailing]
Ma. that was an ambulance
'On India's stance regarding drug use
in South Asian countries'
'United Nations has expressed its concern'
'Annually 17 tonne heroin
worth 70 billion is being consumed'
'In India according to statistic reports'
'To control this. Central and
State narcotics agencies'
[mobile ringing]
Sir?
Round up all the rowdies
in Varghese's gang
Okay. sir
- Did you trace the # I told you to?
- Yes. sir
'Madhumitha P
D/o Parimala R'
'24/1. Uyir Ulag house
Periyapalli street'
Sudhandhiram
Coming
[clearing throat]
You will be alone at home
The police will come
They will conduct an inquiry too
Whatever question they ask
show no fear whatsoever
Tell them. 'I don't know'
Can I say something?
I'll stay inside
You lock the door on the outside
I will lie low
staying off the radar
'Hello. Parami
Office. huh?'
That Varghese who hit on
your daughter is dead it seems
Aiyo!
When?
You didn't know?
Hey! You ganged up as a family and
killed him as you claimed you would
I'm happy too
But scared heart of hearts
His mother is a big-time rowdy
She will barge in here
and bash up all of you
Police will come
'Maybe even the military'
What do you want me to do?
I'm asking you to vacate
- I can't shift. Ulag
- Why?
I mean. Uyir
We are in no way connected
to this murder. sir
Not only that
They are still students. Ulag
Give me 3 years time. Uyir
3 years? You want me to
count bars for those 3 years?
Yov! I am the one in a soup
Better vacate now. man
Give me the house key this evening
3 years indeed!
Why not ask for 30 years?
Your faces look like an accused
'Soup ready. my dear'
'I am ready too'
The police won't find
the killer. akka
They are acting
as if they are investigating
We have to hunt him down
Whoever nabs my son's murderer
I'll transfer this house
in his name
'Gift him a car'
And cover his entire wedding expenses
'Find the killer. da'
Hunt him down
Akka. all that is fine
Why didn't Jomi George
attend the funeral. akka?
Akka. Aslam Mustafa also
didn't attend the funeral
Hey Jayanthy
Aren't you a nurse?
[humming a song from 'Yuddham Sei']
'Don't tell anyone. di'
'I am trusting you completely'
'You know this camphor
I like sniffing it often'
I chew betel nut often too
'And then'
I am addicted to
Axe brand balm
Will I have any health issue
later on in life. because of this?
Who is inside?
- WHO IS INSIDE?
- Oh God!
Anybody there?
[doorbell ringing]
I can see you reversing your steps
String hopper head
Is anyone inside?
Sudden silence?
Having done all this
She has acted as if
she is so innocent
That's why you didn't pick my call?
Have you noticed
this trait in some?
Curse them all you want
Use your choicest cuss words
Advise them till
your throat is hoarse
They will still be the same
That character fits my sister to the T
Super character
- Huh?
- Very interesting
I must meet my sis-in-law
No need
Did my husband call you?
And ask if you came to Chennai?
'No. akka'
I won't blabber
You zip your lips
'He has some kind of
doubt about you. da'
Is anyone in there?
'How?'
Talking to yourself?
'I AM SPOOKED'
Open your mouth
and speak up
'Open the door'
'I will even reduce your rent'
'Hello?'
I'll be back
[humming]
Hey! Tell me
Where did you get this Stamp?
Post office. sir
I'll slice your mouth
and stitch you up
Don't know. sir
Friend is dead
and he's joking
Sir. we are grieving inside
He deserved to die. sir
- Why should he die?
- He's more dangerous than his mother
Why dangerous?
'He has 15 schools
and 18 colleges. sir'
Is Varghese loaded that much?
Drug supply. sir
'He supplies drugs to
all the schools and colleges. sir'
'Drug supplier to students. staff
and children of affluent families'
'He hosts parties every night. sir
You can have any drug you dream of'
'Sir. you know Aslam Mustafa?
Close friend of Varghese. sir'
'He didn't even attend the funeral
I have my doubts on him. sir'
'He is hosting a party tomorrow too'
Heard that. sir?
How about gate-crashing that party?
What? Did the police land up?
Only 'fear' gripped me
No one else turned up
What's wrong with the police?
Slower than a snail in their inquiry
Only if they inquire with lightning speed
can they zero in on the killer
I feel like I am catching the flu. dear
Only I'm feeling that way?
- Or you have the same symptom?
- I feel sick too
I bought some tablets
on my way back from work
Me too. pa
Even I went to the doctor
Had IV drips and injection
Aiyo!
- 'So sad'
- How much did you spend. dear?
Pa. I spent my personal money
Don't get me wrong
I need to maintain an account
of our expenses because of this case
'That's why I asked'
Good lord!
'A chap called Varghese is dead'
'The last call he received
was from your number'
'Who are you?'
Swear you didn't kill Varghese
Hey! Swear now
Do it now
Who else would have killed him?
Swear...swear now
'Hey! You there'
You must swallow
the bull's eye fully
If a single drop of yolk spills
- FIR only
- Aiyaiyo!
'Listen'
'If rowdies take on
the job of the police'
Will the police turn into rowdies?
You want me to wait
hand and foot on your boss lady?
Nothing of that sort. sir
She wants super fast action
A mother's grief
On fire. huh?
Shut up and sit down
"Don't look at me; please refrain"
Dai!
'You don't even know
to swallow a sunny-side up'
You intend tracking down the killer. eh?
I ate it without spilling. sir
Is that so?
Clap...clap...clap
Clap for him. da
I believe your boss lady
has a love interest
Varghese got to know that. it seems
'Jomi George Nicholas Cage is a brand. da'
'If you try to destroy that brand'
'I will go bang-bang-bang
Shoot all of you and move on'
Shoot. da
If I see you anywhere
near my house again
If he dares to step
into our home once more
I won't make allowance
for you as mother
I'll pound your skull
and coolly walk away
He didn't attend Varghese's funeral
Maybe he killed Varghese?
If you didn't kill him
Then why the hell
did you go hiding in the sea?
Huh? To fish in the Bay of Bengal!
It is all a safety precaution
Or did the mother kill her son
because he found out about her lover?
Of course not. sir
Who the hell killed Varghese?
Don't know. sir
Eat
My daughter is ready to become a wife
She has learnt to
make coconut chutney!
Should girls always be linked
only with the kitchen?
I thought of that poor soul
who becomes your lifetime prisoner
I am so keen on meeting him
'M.Emperuman
Inspector'
[Tina barking]
- Amma
- 'What. di?'
Come in
Hi aunty
You wanted to see
my lifetime prisoner. no?
Here is that 'piece'
Take a good look
His name is Chittu
'Chittarasan'
Er...please sit
There are 2 ways of getting married
1 - inform your parents
and all your relatives
Invite family. friends and serve
piping hot coffee and crisp 'bhajji'
'We'll get back to you'
will be the reaction
Waiting endlessly
for a groom to say 'yes'
2nd way
Don't give any hassles to anyone
No wasted expense
on coffee. fritters etc
Finding my own Mr Right
Bring him home
Saying. 'he is my choice'
like I am doing now
Money saved for parents
No stress running around
and no tension either
1 minute
Okay. aunty
- Come in. di
- 1 minute
Looks like she is shell shocked
Pccht! Is this her first shock?
She will be shocked
only if I don't shock her
Oh!
Have you brought in
many boys before me?
Hey! If I say I love
to shock my family
You are shocking me by asking
if I brought home a line-up!
What is this? She's suddenly
showing up with a boyfriend
You know the way
she shows off in our room?
Why are you going off track now?
Aiyo! What do I tell
your father now?
Let's postpone it
For the time being. no need
to tell your appa anything
I'll tell him myself
when the time is right
Have you watched 'Papanasam'?
Huh? No
First watch that film
Why should he watch?
Sir will also be called for inquiry
Why?
Did you kill anyone?
'Of course not'
'Your friend is full of quiet mischief'
'He talks just like a policeman'
'Selvi. give me your cool porridge'
[dog barking]
Whatever happens
is always for the good
Looks like your friend
is in a hurry to leave
- See you. aunty
- Glad we met
Parimalu
You got a Speed Post
No one was home
Postman is known to me
That's why he gave it to me
Not all girls will flip for him
Only a lame chick
like you will fall for him
Better than that Varghese you loved!
Hey...madcap!
'Shall I make coffee for you?'
Who has sent you a letter?
Some damn Speed Post
What is it?
'You have committed
a full-fledged murder'
'Whole family is trying to cover it up'
'I know you hired a killer'
'I have recorded a video
at 10:48 p.m'
'If I send it to the police'
'It will serve no purpose for me'
'But very useful
if I hand it over to you'
'That is why'
'I want you to pay me 20 lakhs'
'Otherwise I will upload it
on social media'
'The police will automatically
come to your doorstep'
'If you think of hiding it'
'I will make sure
you go behind bars'
'Watching you'
Yours ransom-ly
Agnisatchi
Who is this Agnisatchi?
2 million!
Your father will have a heart attack
to recharge for just 200
20 lakhs is unthinkable
Which one of you three killed him?
Aiyaiyo!
'Er...hmmm'
Our girls swore on us that day
But somehow I have
A strong suspicion only about  you
When we went to the terrace
that day to burst crackers
You got a call out of the blue
'You were talking for a long time
in one corner of the terrace'
He died half hour after that call
How is that possible?
On the day of the murder
Your brother has lied and
travelled all the way here
Where did he go?
Where did he say-
You know my health is fragile!
In the end looks like he will
accuse me of the murder
Good lord!
I can't take this
'This is why I don't come
anywhere near you'
'If you had joined
the police force. game over'
'Our country would have
gone to the dogs'
Hey dude!
'Partying with just booze
is outdated style now'
'Only one intoxicant'
Stamp
Present trend
Can you see everything
in kaleidoscopic colors?
- Yessss
- Eyyyy!
'Heady. huh?'
Hey...Vicky...Vicky
Don't go on a bad trip
What happened?
What's wrong with him?
[siren wailing]
'HEY! WHAT HAS HAPPENED?'
'The police are here'
Shucks!
Heart attack. sir
He has used LSD
This drug goes by different names
We call it 'Stamp'
'College students
IT boys and girls'
'All of them are addicted'
'With repetitive consumption
it affects the nerve in the brain'
'They become psychotic. sir'
Sir. unless the Govt takes
immediate action to cure these fellows
It's going to be very.
very dangerous. sir
That's my word of caution
Thank you. doctor
- Kovi
- Sir
Drag all those in that party
to the station forcefully
Yes. sir
I am actually suspecting my dad
Appa is doubting my amma
Amma thinks my sister and I
did something hand in glove
I know my sister is not so capable
But she thinks I used you
to kill that fellow
Only I know you are totally worthless!
Sorry. da
Gushed out in a flow
True that. on top of it
the police are looking for me
Hey!
- What are you doing here?
- Pani puri. sir
- Who is she?
- Friend
What is your name?
- Parasakthi
- Which college?
A R M college
How long have you known him?
We met recently. sir
- Did you find your bike. da?
- Not yet. sir
- You'll get it
- 'Thank you. sir'
Come here
Go
- Hello?
- The girls will be glued to the TV
- Or fiddle with their phone
- Aiyo!
'From when?'
What happened?
What is it. dear?
My akka-
My elder sister is unwell
Why this dramatic pause?
You can say that promptly
You need to go visit her?
Why are you overthinking?
Please go
You girls want to go
with your father?
You should tag along
You can't get a better aunt than her
'In this whole world!'
You were our first born
She saw you for the first time
when you were 3
You were born next. she didn't even
peep in till you were 4 years plus
Shut up!
All you can do is shut me up
As a bride wanting to marry you
I became your wife. you see
Take it out on me
1 egg 'dosa'?
My akka is critical
You are thinking of egg 'dosa'!
Don't want?
Fine. forget it
You know trip setter Mustafa. sir?
Someone has murdered him. sir
'Move back...clear out'
Sir. take a look
Sir. post
[dog barking]
Agnisatchi. ma
'Not bad at all'
'You are still full of
guts and temerity'
'A family member
in your home is the killer'
'I will eliminate
1 out of you 4'
'Because you suffer from
high BP and diabetes'
'I will release you alone'
'Sudhandhiram'
'Then who is the culprit
amongst the balance 3'
'The killer will know'
'Hereafter not 2 million'
'My demand is 2.5 million'
He is multiplying
by compound interest
'Read on'
'I can give you 2 more days'
'Yours graciously
Agnisatshi'
Which one of you?
Is it you. di?
Pcccht! Keep quiet. ma
Arnold. go to Camera #01
'Who is this chap?
Staring guiltily at the camera?'
'Who are these two?'
'Whom is he calling
outside his gate?'
'Stop'
'What is that in front of his bike?'
'Box of crackers. sir'
'Go to Parimala's house now'
'Zoom in on that gate'
'Same box of crackers. sir'
'Watch it. I will kill you'
Kovi. saw that?
The crackers Varghese bought
is in Parimala's house
What more evidence do you need. sir?
- Arnold
- Sir?
The tower range records?
- Did you collect?
- Yes. sir
Sir. Madhumitha calls Varghese
at 9:40 p.m and invites him
But before that.
at 9:35 p.m
'Madhumitha gets a call
from an unknown number. sir'
'At 9:56 p.m'
Varghese comes to Duming Lane
as specified by Madhumitha
'Sir. you know what is interesting here'
'The call to Madhumitha's # and Varghese
are at the same tower for 7 minutes'
Madhu darling
No Madhu darling here
Her uncles. both maternal
and paternal are here
'8th minute that unknown #
travels to Alwarpet tower range'
Kovi. Sengamalam's boyfriend
He's Jomi George. sir
He went into the sea. sir
'Then out of the blue
he comes ashore. sir'
'Then he suddenly
disappears into the sea'
Comes. goes. enters. exits
Exists. exits
Appears. disappears
He comes and buys
all the items he has to
Calls whomever he has to call
and returns to the sea. sir
'Yov Arnold?
Why get hyper?'
Ma...?
Appa's sister passed away. it seems
Oh gawd!
[tutting pseudo-sympathetically]
Why did she leave
in such a tearing hurry?
'I feel sad for her'
Leave your sadness aside
'I killed Varghese'
Your brother just confessed to me
standing here smiling ear to ear
'When I asked him. he said'
'My sister knows
everything A to Z'
What is this. di?
Hello?
'Hello?'
HELLO!
Why? Is my brother the only culprit?
'Your brother is an accessory
to the murder. didn't he tell you?'
Kamatchi
Coming
Did you join hands
to kill that chap. huh?
Brother. why are you yelling?
Why raise your voice?
'We asked him to delete
your daughter's photo from Insta'
He refused point blank
Your bro-in-law hit Varghese
Varghese retaliated. hit your bro-in-law
I hit him for hitting your bro-in-law
He hit me. seeing that
your bro-in-law hit him back
'I retaliated'
He hit me and bro-in-law pushed him
He fell down with a thud
on a stone and died
- Became a corpse
- AIYO!
If you yell like this
will the dead chap come alive?
Let's cremate our akka first
Let the police catch us
Let's cross the bridge then
Am I right?
Give the phone to Sakthi
Sakthi. here
Pa...?
It wasn't a random stranger
who killed Varghese
Both your uncles
closed his chapter
I know. pa
You know?!
Oho!
Then everyone knows everything
'Only I don't know anything'
Let it be
Even if they are the murderers
When the police come
we won't get caught. right?
We will get caught. pa
Are you serious?
How is that possible?
They may be the killers
But you instigated them. pa
You are blaming me?
How?
No. pa
The police will say 'you'
meaning all of us. pa
'Then'
Our entire family will be caught. pa
I swear I'll thrash-
Bro-in-law
Somehow 2 other murders followed
Instead of thinking
how to murder the 3rd person
Let's plan the future
to move from the present
Relax. uncle
Cool...cool
My head is spinning. da
- I don't know if the earth is spinning
- Come with us. bro
All of you have pitched in
to kill Varghese. no?
Why are you yelling. di?
What crime did he do to you
for you to kill him?
- Aiyo!
- Ma
She has fallen in love with him. ma
Oh God!
I don't know if my head is swirling
or the earth is twirling
My guardian deity. help
Your son has tortured
that family too much
He has threatened to
splash acid on her face
Our boy has hurled eggs at Sakthi
Akka. the father of those 2 girls
is manager in Velumani group
'Velumani's job is to
use mercenaries and murder'
'His signature is to chop
the victim's right hand'
'Same with our Varghese. akka'
I will handle everything
Kovi. didn't Varghese threaten
to splash acid on a girl's face?
Did you find out that girl's address?
Both the girls live under the same roof
They are both sisters. sir
'Parimala has even
complained against Varghese'
Hey! Get the car ready
I will destroy that family to ashes
- Sir
- Did you nab the accused or not?
We can reach in 10 minutes
We can arrest them. sir
Amma
Amma. you'll be fine
[hysterical laughter]
'Madhu...?'
We'll be there. pa
We'll catch the Govt bus
Govt bus?
Give me the phone
Do we have to be there?
- No need at all
- 'Thought as much'
Buy 1/2 kilo mutton
Make mutton curry.
relish and sleep peacefully
I'm boiling mad. I feel like-
All I asked was. should we come?
Why are you yelling your throat hoarse?
Sudhandhiram. I'm holding my temper
because my sister is lying lifeless
What can I do if your sister
passed away. my dear?
Want me to go with her
to keep her company?
Everyone has to die
some day or the other
Okay. fine
Get on to a bus at the earliest
I can't travel by bus
Bus stand has shifted
as far as Chengelpet!
I will come only by car
- Whaaat?
- My concern is the safety of my girls
'I have to travel to and fro
only by hiring a car'
How will you pay for the ca-
Is the funeral as early as today?
- Yes
- Oh! Yes
Otherwise it will stink
What did you say?
My sister will stink. huh?
My dear sister
How can you say she will stink?
I didn't mean your sister specifically
Even she were my sister.
a corpse is bound to stink!
- Stink?
- Aiyo!
I was so flustered
It just slipped out
I am sorry
Oh God!
She says our akka
will stink to high heaven
Stink. it seems
- Anna
- Akka...!
- Sister!
- Aunt!!
- Amma?
- Huh?
Middle class family like us only in
such emergency cases can take a flight
How about going by flight
for our aunt's funeral?
It will be a good memory for us
Want to attend your aunt's funeral
And then cremate your father too?
If your father even hears your idea
he will get a heart attack
Instead of flying high
go and get ready for the trip
Move a bit to the side
[Tina barking]
We will come back soon. my pet
- Appa?
- Not yet started?
We are ready. pa
Waiting for the car
Hurry up. only after you reach
- We can start the rituals
- We are coming. pa
[crows cawing]
Big relief!
No hassles from
that Speed Post man today
Emperuman
Reverse...move it
Why the hell is she here?
Watch me in action now
'Hey Curly mop head!
Come here'
- Yes. sir
- Is this Parimala's house?
My house. sir
What are you doing here?
Rented it to Parimala
- Where is Parimala. da?
- He just left with his family. sir
- What is your name?
- Uyir Ulag. sir
- Whaat?
- Uyir Ulag
- What is your profession?
- Foreign returned. sir
- Returned from?
- Nigeria
Come outside. da
Tell me. sir
Call that chap Parimala
- Tell me the number. sir
- HEY!
Sorry. sir
A small confusion
[mobile ringing]
You forgot to switch off the motor?
Aiyo! Yes. ma
- Not picking up. sir
- Call again
Oh gawd!
Why didn't you switch it off?
He will call me nonstop
- Not picking. sir
- Try again
Mad with a capital M
[water overflowing]
This is their daily routine. sir
Switch on the motor
and forget to switch it off
They won't spend money
even on an auto. sir
But early in the morning
imagine they took a cab
'Something fishy. sir'
Aiyo!
Switch off the motor. dear
Totally irresponsible. sir
Big deal!
Call him
What. di?
Hey! Block his #
Simple solution
No doubt at all. sir
Cell switched off. sir
I am sure they have committed
some crime and escaped altogether
What do you think they did. sir?
You're saying that family
has the guts to kill?
Murder. huh?
What do you mean. sir?
- How many?
- 3
- 3. huh?
- 2
- 2. is it?
- Hey! 1 murder is still a crime. da
Aiyaiyo!
- He is beyond any asylum
- DAI!
Where are you off to?
Sir. my head is
spinning like a top
What the hell have you both done?
- Ordered the bier
- Waiting for the garland
[gritting teeth]
Lord Krishna in Guruvayur. save me
- Hey
- Yes. sir
At the time of murder. where did you go
in your bike returning 2 hours later?
Sir. if I drive around for 2 hours
during the crime time
Does it mean
I'm the murderer. sir?
You think this face looks
like that of a murderer?
Then why did you stare at the CCTV
like you were a thief?
Sir
Any face on CCTV footage
Bound to look sneaky
Do you want to try
glaring at any CCTV?
Hey! Your face will go
beyond recognition
Call him. da
[mobile ringing]
Yov! Parimala
They tell me you killed and escaped?
These cops are taking my life out
in the name of inquiry drinking gruel here
Where the hell are you?
Come back now. man
'The police are all around your-'
Hello? Yov! Parimala
Sir. he cut the call
Call once more
Hello?
Definitely they are the culprits. sir
- He switched off his mobile. sir
- Call till he switches it on
What is the use of me calling
if he hasn't switched it on?
- Just do it. man
- Aiyo! God help me
Is the Govt blind?
Given this loony uniform and jeep
Who is this?
Who is 'who'?
Your daughter?
Mrs...Uyir Ulag
Yov!
Take down his # first
He is number 1 accused
Tell me your #. man
Go. hon
9 88
444 444
73. sir
Hey! It shows up as Parimala
I can give only his #. sir
You are here to nab him. no?
"Your spoken words have no rhythm"
Driver brother. please stop
in the shade somewhere
- 'Under a tree
- Okay. madam'
"Chasing the gates of light ahead"
'Ashes from the lies'
'Reflecting in your eyes'
'Whereabouts to find'
'In a speed of time'
- Enough
- Amma
I have a long term wish. ma
To sit under a tree and eat
as a family. together
I used to think every time
we traveled by bus
Look how my wish has come true
because our aunt died!
Bro-in-law
UNCLE!
One shot
Wanted to know if you
want a shot of strong coffee
- Go...go
- Okay. uncle
Get lost!
He is telling you to scoot. go. da
The drummers need
Rs 5000 as advance
Otherwise they won't beat
the funeral drum
Why are you tense now?
Anyway the police will nab us
Upload your tension after that
Be calm and cool till then
- Come
- What?
Go now
- Password is my birthday 12-12
- Okay. go
If you press 13. it will get lock-
Stop bugging me
- Talk
- 'Chithappa'
Not your appa's brother
I'm your appa speaking
'Where are you?'
When will you reach?
Another 2 hours. pa
We felt hungry
'So we stopped to eat'
Are you in a hotel?
Not a hotel. pa
Amma made chappathi at home
We packed it to eat on the way
'We parked by the roadside
and we are eating'
Give the phone to your amma
Rock it
Have you eaten?
Don't you have a conscience?
Not even a tiny bit?
Are you enjoying a picnic now?
My dear husband
Just because your sister died.
can all of us take a vow of starvation?
'Young girls will definitely get hungry
How can we come there and eat?'
What's wrong in that?
Hey! You want 'kurma'?
Did you cook in a rush. ma?
- Why?
- Not your usual yummy taste
No need to wait for us
If you need to cremate the body. do so
'Body'. huh?
If you dare refer
to my akka as 'body'
I will get mad as hell. Sudhandhiram
Listen. dear
How else to call a 'body' but a body?!
'Okay. forget it'
Your sister is no more
Please take a few sips and
munch some snack. don't starve
Everyone will lament loudly
'Then they will vacate the place
and eat till they burp. okay?'
You don't stand there
stiff like a freshly starched shirt
- 'Let's finish eating'
- Enjoy
Eat till you burp!
The police came to
our house looking for us
Whaaat?
Eat. hurry up
Pass that chappathi
Police came looking for us. ma?
How did I wear this?
[blowing the funeral conch]
Get lost!
Yes. Molly
Why did you switch off
your phone. da?
We are going to Palakkad
My dad's sister passed away
Oh!
Sorry
Poppy. I was a bit busy
Continue being busy
We are hatching eggs here. no?
'How is that. da?'
If a girl says yes to her guy
Expectations rise higher
'But if boys decide on a girl as wife'
He starts taking her totally for granted
Do you agree with me?
You have no sense of
time or place. Sakthi
- I'll call when I'm free
- What's the tearing hurry?
Chee! Hang up now
You hang up. useless
Hey vintage music master
Did you call Parimala?
Sir. that lady has blocked my #
'How will she pick my call?'
Gobbling fermented gruel
from Selvi akka instead of working
"Parimala. where are you?"
Kovi
Tell Arnold
- To trace Parimala's #
- Okay. sir
Sir. that lady has
sent a voice message
Let me listen
'Uyir Ulag'
'As usual Shakti forgot
to switch off the motor'
'Sorry'
'I have left Tina all alone'
'Please feed her
at her regular meal times'
- Who is Tina. da?
- Dog
- How dare you!
- I meant their pet dog. sir
Hey! You said she blocked your #
Wait. sir
[instructions on walkie-talkie]
She told me to feed her dog
and blocked my number. sir
Keep calling till she unblocks
- Unbloc-
- Do it. man
Move it
"In your words no rhythm appears
Fate may forget thirst of years"
"But this name shall conquer all fears"
"Across this blood-smeared street"
Why did you park yards away?
It is crowded over there. that's why
I want you to go there
only because of the crowd!
Shouldn't people notice
we have come by car!
Right. ma?
I'll smash all your teeth
The frame should show
the expenditure clearly. di
Go and park there
'In a speed of time'
[fake sobbing]
Sister-in-law. dear
Anni
We were not blessed enough!
What can we do?
She has left us now
'Wretched fellow!
How could you?'
[muttering angrily]
Damn your jinxed face!
'Just go'
I don't know what
we will do without her!
You shrugged my hand away. okay
Kurma was not tasty. huh?
Akka…akka
'My dear sister-in-law'
As soon as you see me at the gate
you'll welcome me with open arms
Who will welcome me
like that hereafter?
Who is Madhumitha?
- Escape
- Escape. huh?
- Yes
- Hey! Who are you?
Uyir Ulag
Whaaat?
Akka. police
Pass on the information
I'll dice her to pieces when she returns
That's what I anticipate
British. come. da
- I gave them my house
- 'Start the car'
Delayed rent
Wastage of water
Not paying the electricity bill
In the end they have driven me
to bang my head on my car!
I am so shattered
Okay
[clenching teeth]
Come with me. girls
Get the van. take money
from Kamatchi
You got us caught
you bloody sinner of a killer!
Driver. start the car
He was such a boorish fellow
He hit Kamatchi
I shoved him back
Who is getting into my car?
I proposed
Fate disposed
Police-
Are you drunk?
- Disappear before he appears
- He is here
Vanish into thin air
What is your beloved brother saying?
He proposed something
Fate disposed it seems!
Don't be a drama queen
Why did they come to Chennai?
Who told them to kill Varghese?
Should I answer now?
I can't...no
Great escape!
Come. sir
What brings you here again?
- Aren't you the house owner?
- Yes
- You have a spare key?
- No. sir
- Hey!
- Yes. sir
- Go. get it
- What do you plan to do?
I want to paint the interior
- Go. get it
- Cock and bull!
- I have to buy the farewell ritual sari
- Why wait for so long?
First tell me. did you eat?
I'm planning to buy a silk sari
Will your dead sister
come alive to drape a silk sari?
Why spend for her daughter
or daughter-in-law to wear?!
Buy a simple 'kandangi'
or cotton sari. enough
You had no problem
hiring a cab from Madras
This is more than enough
for your akka's nature
All this drama for a simple silk sari
This is a custom
everyone follows here
Please go ahead
and do what you want
You've already decided everything
and then why come and ask me?
Not like that. dear
Poor soul. she has left us
What can we do for her hereafter?
That's why I want to buy a silk sari
for Rs 10.000 to stun everyone
10.000?!
I'm saying stick to a budget
of Rs 1200 to 1300. dear
Kamatchi...shut up!
Okay. anna
I've bought the sari already
Rs 10.500
You spent so much?
If we ask anything
you'll don your Scrooge avatar!
Where did you get this much money?
I borrowed from Kumarasamy
Should you take a loan
to make your sister look lovely?
Oh! How did you afford a car
from Chennai to Palakkad now?
From my kitchen piggy bank!
Forget all that. dear
Take a look at the sari
to drape my dear sister in
Happy draping!
Driver. start the car
You girls take a look
DAI!
I'll give you a solid piece
of my mind. you moron
I am going through hell
with this family & co as my tenant
'Krishnamurthy - 1.20.000'
Kutlu. where are you?
- Sir?
- Tell me. Sengamalam
'How many times to call you?'
- We toil for you to line your pocket
- Why are you blabbering?
Sir. do something to
find my son's murderer
What is the use of crying?
I am there for you
I'll handle it
My dear akka
Move over and sit
Adjust a bit. bro
- Driver. come here
- Yes. madam
You are casually zip zap zooming
I'll pay you only to and fro
Chennai and Palakkad
Madam. I went only because
your relatives called
If they ask you to accompany them
to their grave. will you go there too?
- Let him go. ma
- Why buy trouble?
- 'Get down'
- Why. ma?
Why are you humiliating me
at my sister's funeral?
Won't your relatives travel by bike?
They are used to only car-rides!
- Keep quiet. ma
- You shut up. di
'We are caught now'
Aiyo! Police
They have come in search of us
We are doomed. eh?
Shall we drink a few pegs
and enjoy mutton curry?
Great idea
Say that first
What is this. Kamatchi?
He is dead as a door nail
Shhhh! Come
What. Raghava?
Akka. happy Deepavali
Finished offering God
on this festive occasion?
Good news for you
That boy who stalked our girls
Kamatchi and I hit him
and killed him. akka
Good lord!
- You killed him?
- 'Yes. akka'
What do you mean?
If my husband found out
he will chop you to pieces. da
Don't te...tell this to anyone
Escape before the police nab you
- Give the phone to my bro-in-law
- Sis-in-law?
How could you do this?
- Parasakthi knows
- Why did you tell her?
It was Parasakthi who sketched
'The entire plan for us'
- Did she ask you to kill him?
- 'Cha cha!'
'We came to knock sense
into his head and warn him'
Varghese refused
'I bashed him up'
He retaliated
Immediately your brother beat him up
'He beat up your brother
When he hit your brother'
I got angry. I beat Varghese
He returned the blows
Your brother lost his cool
'Pushed him to the ground'
There was a stone at that specific spot
How did we know
a stone will be there?
We knew he was dead
only this morning
Now we are murderers
Get the hell back to Palakkad
Okay
We got a gift for our niece
We'll keep it at the doorstep
Ask her to take it
If they ask anyone any question
- I'll tell them the truth
- Truth be told. what is it?
- Whatever they ask I'll tell them
- Go...go inside
- Go
- What else to do?
[Malayalam] Stay there
Follow them separately
[dog barking]
'Murder Cases'
Didn't you buy a silk sari?
Only the rich can show off like that
There are so many
neo-rich families sprouting!
'Can I compete with them?'
Your brother's wife
K.R.Vijaya
Clarity head to toe!
Oh my God!
Don't humiliate me
How to behave at a funeral
How everyone will be grief stricken
Learn all these nuances
and speak accordingly. di
Our relatives are all around us
My beloved sister
Whatever be the case
Isn't she your sister-in-law?
Will you keep quiet?
What would you have done if there was
a funeral at your house tomorrow. di?
I would have torn them to tatters. da!
'Aunt. can I have an omelet?'
Without onion
'Go easy on the powder for your face'
Oh! Shouldn't eat egg today. no?
So...sorry
Brother
I've got a good alliance
for Sakthi. shall I go ahead?
My dear niece. handsome groom
Want to see his snap?
Want to see me snap
like a volcano?
No...not like that
Mobile is ringing
Good omen!
- Shall I check that alliance?
- The problem is
'What happened?'
'She bunked college today too
We have to reach before dawn'
'She can't bunk college tomorrow
Sooner we leave the better'
'Do not call me hereafter'
- Hello?
- Why aren't you picking my calls?
Police are hounding
my house looking for you
Police. huh?
'They want to conduct an inquiry
for your entire family'
They claim you have killed
Nothing of that sort
My sister passed away. we came
to attend the funeral in Palakkad
- I don't understand
- 'We reach tomorrow morning'
- Can I trust you?
- 'If you don't. check my WhatsApp status'
Along with my sister's obituary poster
'Show that to the police'
Hey! How can you ask him
if he is the killer?
Planning to make them escape
by giving them a hint?
Kovi. bring him along
We will file an FIR
FIR. huh? Sir
I asked for tea with milk
You gave me black tea
- I even made tea for you
- 'He didn't add sugar'
'Bring him in'
Why is there a 'To Let' board hanging?
Is Uyir Ulag shifting from here?
He has given us a warning
to make us vacate
Let's wait and watch
who shifts where!
Hey!
The police have come into our home
Police?
Don't do it. da
We will get caught. da
Don't kill
Police will nab you. da
- Don't. da
- STOP IT!
[scream of panic]
Wretched woman!
[gnashing teeth]
[door creaking]
[thunder rumbling]
'Madhuuuu'
'Get up. Madhu'
Come to me. Madhu
[panic-stricken scream]
'Come. Madhu'
Come to me
Why did you kill me. di?
HUH?
Was it Varghese?
He came in my dream just now
I chased him away
Shoo him and sleep
[shouting slogans]
Arrest him
Arrest him!
Arrest the murderer
Move...move aside
Move out...go
'Unless we riot
you won't react'
- Move back
- Akka...don't
Akka...wait
How many days
since my son was killed?
Police haven't traced my son's murderer
'Give me the match box'
- 'Give me the damn match'
- HEY!
If you create a ruckus
in front of our station
Will your dead son come back to life?
'I am pressurized
100 times more than you'
In another 10 days
How did he die?
'Who killed him?
I'll get you the right answers'
Till then go home and sit quiet
- We can't go. sir
- Our family member is dead
Do you want her to die. sir?
What do you think of yourself?
HEY!
Think you are Sivaji in 'Manohara'?
Clear out
Only 10 days
You have only 10 days grace time
'If you don't find my son's murderer
you'll know my true colors'
Go...clear out
- Swami
- Sir?
Isn't he dealing
this case carelessly?
You think so?
Remember Varghese and he got
entangled in a scuffle earlier?
What. sir?
Hey!
Go...go there
What are you up to?
Move...clear out
How dare you manhandle me
in my own area!
Wait...wait
Hey Khakhi!
If I dip you in Surf
you will get bleached!
What is your name?
Varghese
Belong to this area?
Okay. go
As soon as he heard my name
Twirly Moustache backed off?
Thinks he's as cool as Mysskin
Interrogating with coolers
Sit down
Sir. why is the investigation
crawling at snail speed?
- Whom do you want me to arrest?
- Parimala
How dare you hit-
Sir. he has humiliated Parimala to the core
He has uploaded photos
in Insta of Madhumitha
Kissed Parimala's daughter openly
in the middle of the road
Parimala would have confronted him
'What. Parimala?'
Varghese would've acted over smart
So Parimala would've killed him
'After murdering. he chopped
the hand just to confuse us. sir'
Any other suspects?
His brother-in-law and brother
Swag moment for us because
they think we are a pair of murderers
We are 'swag-baggers'!
Sir. his daughter Parasakthi
has a foul temper
One day Varghese threw an egg
on her face and humiliated her
Maybe she asked
her boyfriend to kill?
'Possibility'
Sengamalam's husband was killed
by this chap called Peter
'Sengalamalam urged Varghese
to take revenge and kill Peter'
'Peter's younger brother
is this chap Jomi George'
'Did he befriend Sengamalam
with a plan to kill Varghese maybe?'
Why did they kill Varghese?
'Gang revenge?'
'Humiliation?'
Or love?
This case baffles me
Won't you call me if you are sick?
I felt very weak
Why didn't you tell me?
You could've texted or called me
- Give my regards to my uncle
- Don't open it
How can you think I will?
[dog barking]
Yov! Parimala
Parimala
- What is it?
Uyir Ulag?
New 'jibba'?
Of course it's new!
What is the entire family up to?
- We are planning to cook
- Oho!
Joint effort of cooking
And killing too. huh?
Just assume we are the murderers
Won't a killer feel hungry?
- Won't he eat?
- (S)he can eat of course
But eat gruel in jail!
- Not in my house
- Yov!
Chee! Shut up
Uyir. we are in no way
connected with this murder
You can go
So you claim!
But I opened
and read this letter
You didn't kill him
One of your legal heirs is the killer
He wants 3 million. I say
How will you answer this?
30 lakhs?!
Ulag. that blackguard of a blackmailer
Keeps hiking the compound interest?
Huh?
Fine. let him hike his ransom
First you vacate my house?
Don't hassle me. understand?
Or else I'll complain to the police
and push all of you behind bars
-  Hello
- Vacate right now
It is wrong of you
to collect our Speed Post
Postman giving it to you
was a bigger mistake
You opened that sealed letter
and read. it right?
That isn't a mistake
It's a crime!
IPC Section 377
Do you know the punishment?
- What?
- I can put you in jail
Will you shove me inside?
First I'll throw all of you out
Instead of giving birth to a child
you've given birth to an accused
Hey. Uyir
When the police finish investigating
you will realise we are innocent
Till then leave us alone. please
Oh! That's okay
Who hammered
a nail on the wall?
- We did
- Why?
Can I nail your forehead
to hang our calendar?
Parimi. now I get it
You didn't kill him
This thieving face here
She is the culprit
With a note pad. you can
hide your bungalow mouth
But you can't hide a murder
Won't this boy
look at himself in a mirror?
Accusing me as thief!
How did you quote
the Indian Penal Code #?
Punishment for opening a letter?
How do I know?
It just came in a flow
That's his car #. ma
He panicked and ran away
Pa. someone is sending these notes
just to create confusion in our family
When my brother and
your mother's brother killed him
'Suppose he has taken a video?'
You called them to Chennai. no?
Aiyaiyo!
Okay. sir
- Arnold?
- Sir
Ask our boys to go in mufti
and follow Sengamalam
Sir. what kind of cop
is this Inspector Emperuman?
Sometimes hard working
Sometimes honest
No. if I need something to be done
- Grease-
- Happily agree
Okay. head constable. thank you
HEY! GRAB HER
- Nab her
- Stop. di
Got you. girl
You'll get it from me
Hey! Showing off with different poses?
Didn't you love my son?
What did you do to him?
Who said I loved him?
He flipped for me
As if she loved him?
Gomathi was the one who fell for him
"Love's door bell was looking for me
It has rushed to my porch excitedly"
"I am getting the right vibe. dearie"
"Housing Board is buzzing altogether
They say. we are made for each other"
"My friends are on a roll
Teasing me. my dear girl"
Hey Nolan. he told me one day
he is in love with this female
He said he loves Gomathi
for days together
Will I. Nolan. lie to you?
"You will be in the moon's place
Lighting my sky with your dear face"
"You've led me to such a magical space"
"Don't tempt me with your digital gaze
Leading my heart in an electronic maze"
"Just nod and say 'yes'
I'll be at your door step to profess"
Problem boomeranged because
he uploaded her photo in Insta as 'My life'
He posted Gomathi's photo as 'My wife'
He said he was marrying Gomathi
Girl. did you love Varghese?
- No
- 'Heard that?'
But Gomathi loved Varghese
"Don't act pricey. my princess
Don't make me stumble helpless"
"Just say one word; 'yes'
I'll be at your door step to profess"
I have addressed her as
'daughter-in-law' devotedly
We have called Gomathi
'sis-in-law' so sincerely
"Our love story is the talk of the town
In every house and street. all around"
"They want to know the story
With anecdotes A to Z"
"On the bike with you. riding pillion
Gem of a scene I'll rewind a million"
"With a golden glow
I am stunned head to toe"
"On top of the world you'll be
my queen for eternity"
"I can softly hear
folk songs in my ear"
"Tell me you love me. sweetie
I will cherish you for infinity"
"I will tick bit by bit
your love-wish list?"
"Don't tempt me with your digital gaze
Leading my heart in an electronic maze"
"Just nod and say 'yes'
I'll be at your door step to profess"
"Don't act pricey. my princess
Don't make me stumble helpless"
"Just say one word; 'yes'
I'll be at your door step to profess"
Gomathi and Varghese were loyal lovers
Bro had a 'bling' with her simply
Bling?
What are you saying. shock absorber?
That was just a side fling for fun!
- Side fling for fun?
- Yes
Only Gomathi and Varghese
were in a situationship
Then they broke up
'What?'
Dumping me?
You told me. di
If I said so
will you ditch me?
- You'll come begging to me. da
- Hey!
Why will I come behind you?
Won't I get any other girl?
Girls are in queue to date me
You'll die in my hands. da
'Get lost. you puffed-rice ball face'
Gomathi anni's father Velumani
has his own band of hired goons
Your father's name?
- Parimala
- What does he do?
IAS IPS trainer
Trainer. huh?
Go. does she look like a murderess?
- Shall we bring Gomathi here for you?
- Wait. British
1 minute
Whether your son loved
Gomathi or Godavari
I just don't care
But he treated me
as a casual fling just for fun
Either to people outside
Or to my family members
Kindly don't open your mouth
Okay?
This is my prestige issue
Akka
As soon as we said
she was just a 'bling'
It hit a raw nerve
[amused laughter]
[inhaling]
If you keep staring at each other?
One of you has bought
that bottle here and drunk?
Father or his daughters?
Hey! I go for only
hard drink. that too strong
You know I stopped even that
after our children grew up?
So far. how many times
I've shocked all of you?
If I was the culprit
I would've owned up long ago
I swear. not me
Why are you so quiet?
I have good reason to be quiet
If I am the one drinking it.
how can I talk. ma?
My friend said if I drink wine
my complexion will shine
That's why I bought it to drink
2 capfuls daily in the morning
Don't think I am a drunkard
Oh! Early in the morning. huh?
Heard her. ma?
If that's a fact. all these fellows
will be roaming around with a wine bottle!
Beloved husband
You will quote
2 types for everything
Tell me one type
as explanation for this
I am thinking whether to
ask her to stop or to continue
- Appa!
- Of course you must tell her to stop
It shouldn't be stopped abruptly
She has paid Rs 1500 for it
There's still Rs 700 remaining
Let her empty the bottle
What logic. pa?
Poor thing! She earned it by sweeping.
mopping. cleaning the overhead tank
Oh! Shall I do the honors
of pouring it for her?
Hey! Why are you taking that?
- What?
- I'll snooze my sorrows with booze
What are you blabbering?
Her face is shining a little radiantly
from what it was earlier
'In a nutshell'
Fantastic father
Funtastic children
She has lived up to
the name you chose for her. ma
Madhu = booze in Tamil
Damn you. Godavari
Chee!
Gomathi
Who the hell are you. di?
'Madhu'?
You drinking wine
Awe-some
Good riddance!
Why the hell are you hounding me
when I was just your fling for fun?
Go to Gomathi instead
Madhu
I am hopping mad
Scoot from here. da
Get lost
Hit you!
Sir
Tell me. Kovi
I feel Inspector has dealt with
this case a bit carelessly. sir
Oh! You carry on
investigation on one side
- We will see
- Thank you. sir
Sir. he has taken
a heavy dose of drugs
First they have hit him on his head
Then strangled him with a steel wire
That is why he been asphyxiated
'Only then they have
chopped his hand'
'He has died due to
excessive blood loss'
'Hero or villain
I loved that fellow'
'I ditched him
for his own well being'
How will I kill him?
How can you say so. sir?
After he died
Only I know how much I have
been crying since the day he died
Sir. I am capable of killing
But I never target young boys
Is this why you called me for an inquiry?
I'll take leave?
'Start the vehicle'
Jomi George Nicholas Cage
is a brand. da
Trying to destroy that brand?
- Bang on. come
- Don't touch
Jomi George Nicholas Cage is a brand. da
- Stop yelling
- Insulting my brand?!
Where is the Inspector?
You want the Inspector? Come
- Sir?
- Hmmm
Someone is here to meet you
- Take a look. man
- This man?
Sir. Jomi George Nicholas Cage is a bran-
- Manhandling the 'brand'?
- Lock him up
- Sir?
- Tell me. sir
I want to meet the Inspector
What is it about?
Sir has gone out
- Sub Inspector?
- He is out too
They asked me to come
regarding an investigation
We had gone to Palakkad
to attend a funeral
- Okay
- Our 2 daughters are at home
I'll appreciate if you call me here
for your investigation-
[phone ringing]
- Sit down. sir
- Thank you
[Malayalam] 'George from Kerala'
- 'We have arrested 2 culprits'
- Palakkad?
- Which station?
- 'Kalpathy station. Palakkad'
Oh! Raghavan and Kamatchi
Both have been arrested. huh?
'Yes. both of them'
'Okay. sir'
- Sit down. sir
- 'I will finish enquiry and call'
Okay. I'll inform sir
Sir...sir. don't take them away
'Okay. thank you'
By what name or how
will he know you. sir?
From Periyapalli street
Tell him I came from
Parimala's house. that will do
Should I tell him you came
from Parimala's house?
Or shall I say
Parimala's husband came?
Pa...Pa...Parimala
is my name. sir
Oh! Your name is Parimala?
- Sounds unique
- I'll take leave. sir
Okay. sir
'How can you barge in?
Who gave you permission?'
What are you searching for?
All I do is run a small scale
catering business
What are you looking for here?
'Check behind that photo'
I'll smash your teeth
Go inside and sit
'Anna. check in the kitchen'
Sir
You've cooked up
quite a smokescreen. huh?
If I take you under custody
you will be denied bail for sure
But tell me this
I believe you killed your son?
Hey Isai
- Bring her
- Sir?
Come along
Let go of my hand. di
'She is escaping. sir'
Stop...stop running. di
Run...run
What are you doing?
I asked you to find Varghese's killer
You are doing everything but that
Sir. we went to enquire
who killed Varghese
The mother has killed
her own son. sir
We tried to nab her
but she escaped. sir
Emperuman
Tell me. sir
If you lay a finger on Sengamalam
I'll disrobe you of your uniform
Sir. Sengamalam had a lover. right?
You want me to shift the case to CBI?
Don't bring in CBI. sir
'Then do as I say'
I will do the needful
- Sir?
- 'Tell me'
My name is Parimala
- I came to the station this morning
- 'Yes'
- I couldn't meet the Inspector
- 'Tell me'
Is he in now?
Can I meet him in person?
Not now
Varghese's mother
Sengamalam is also dead
Real headache
'Inspector has also gone there'
Aiyaiyo!
My dear 'akka'
[lamenting]
What is it. dear?
Varghese's mother is dead too. it seems
If you did something
now is the time to confess. di
Somewhere something has gone wrong
Something wrong somewhere
'You'll keep calling 'British British'
every second minute. akka'
Aiyo! Look at her. sir
Who will call us hereafter. akka?
Who will take such good care of us?
All of you get up. clear out
Akka...aiyo!
We don't know what to do
from now on. sir
Kovi
She escaped from our clutches
Who could have killed her?
'Pass the salna'
Varghese. you take good care of us
You pay us a hefty monthly salary
Your business is doing good too
Can't you give all of us
a 'sare' in your profit?
- What did you ask?
- Sare
Hit you!
You want a share?
Giving you work itself is a big deal
You have the gall to ask for a share?!
'If not for us. you'll be begging
like a mongrel for one square meal'
You are aspiring for a share!
Hey. I'll chop you to pieces
Look at his shaggy face
Listen. dear
Both our brothers
are arrested it seems
You hid it from me
If I had told you
Would you have saved them?
- Arnold?
- Sir
Did a man by name Parimala
from Periyapalli street come here?
Yes. sir
He said. 'don't come home
You let me know and I'll come here'
He said we shouldn't visit him?
Kovi. start the jeep
Let us pay him a visit
[dog barking]
Pa
'Police. pa'
Cool...cool
[dog barking]
Come...come. sir
Most welcome
Come in
Please come inside
Step in with your right foot forward
Come in
Please come
Emperuman
Inspector
- Hi
- Koviyan
- Sub inspector
- We have been waiting
For your visit for so many days
[sheepish chuckle]
Do I look like a politician?
You look like a minister
Sir. what will you have?
- Coffee or tea?
- Neither
What about buttermilk?
What is this?
Roasted Bengal gram and
coconut to grind a chutney
Keep it over there
Trying to scare me-
Aiyaiyo!
Have they come?
You didn't want your daughters
called to the station?
'That's why I came in plain clothes'
Go and sit there
You both take a seat
Sit down quickly. girls
You go and stand there
Oh! Is that my position? Right
Who is Parasakthi?
Who is Madhumitha?
Parasakthi
- Why are you called Poppy Molly?
- Sir?
Who?
Chittu alias Chittarasan
Chittu?
Varghese
So confusing. varkey. biscuit. bun?
Why did you kill him?
You know Varghese?
Who won't know him. sir?
Someone killed him recently
Aiyo! When?
[gritting teeth]
You are here in person
to hold an inquiry
'Someone' killed him
You don't know that 'someone'?
How do you know Varghese?
She is my younger daughter
She has fallen for him
- Dad
- Sorry. dear
He has fallen in love with her
That's how I know him
Correct
Were you in love with Varghese?
He was the one
who fell in love with me. sir
No. sir
He was in love with Gomathi
Gomathi?
[in unison]
He was never in love with me. sir
Aiyo!
'Axe brand balm. huh?'
You like that balm?
Look
I can even be without my husband
But I am totally addicted to this
Right. dear?
[gnashing teeth]
Lunatic!
Won't you keep quiet
for a while. madam?
No. I was being helpful
Please continue. sir
- 'Go ahead'
- God help me!
My head is splitting. child
Go on. tell me
Okay. pa
Appa?
Not your father
Father's younger brother!
Huh?
Sorry. appa
Sorry. sir
Yov. Kovi
He was in love. he was not in love
What did you do to him?
I did not kill him. sir
She is the culprit
- Did you kill him. di?
- Amma!
Sir. he was in love with my sister
I went and threatened him. sir
- 'That's all. sir'
- What did he do to you?
He threatened to
splash acid on my face. sir
Before he could harm me in any way
someone closed his chapter. sir
- That's all
- Oh God!
Looks like my head will split into two
[stuttering]
Inhale deeply
[sniffing hard]
'That's the way
Correct...right'
'How do you feel now?'
Please keep quiet. madam
You want me to shut up?
Okay...okay. sir
That duo is Raghavan and Kamatchi
You called and asked them to come
Yes?
Or no?
Yes. sir
We are in Chennai
You call that boy Varghese
Ask him to come near
that single tree in Duming Lane
- Why. uncle?
- Nothing serious. dear
I want to threaten him to
delete your photo in Insta
'Your uncle and I have come
to spend Deepavali with you'
Why go to such lengths. uncle?
'Otherwise he will dance
on top of your head. dear'
- 'Don't tell your parents'
- Okay
Madhu darling
I want to give you
a gift for Deepavali
Where should I meet you. darling?
Will you come to Duming Lane?
'Good'
Now tell me
Who is that Chittu?
Who is that Chittu. sir?
Sir. your daughter Sakthi
and that Chittu are lovers
He has a pet name for her
Poppy Molly
Do you know?
I've heard of Rajamouli
Who is Poppy Molly?
He is a drug dealer
Poppy means opium
Molly means MDMA. drug
What a suitable name he has coined
Sir. he is not that kind of chap
Do you know who killed Varghese?
What are you saying. sir?
Sir. he's a dummy
I don't know in what way he's a dummy
But in this matter he is king
I don't mean in that way. sir
Then what 'matter' do you mean?
I don't mean anything
Just forget it. pa
Sir. he is not that kind of boy. that's all
Then Raghavan and Kamatchi?
'He hit me'
Seeing him hit me. machan got angry
and shoved Varghese real hard
His head hit a stone
with a thud and he died
How did we know
a stone was on that spot?
He died and lay there lifeless
You are branding us as murderers?
- Yov! Send them away
- You mean we can go. sir?
- Clear out
- Really. sir?
- Can we go back to Palakkad?
- I said 'go'
Raghavan and Kamatchi
'Bashed up Varghese
That part is true'
'But'
At the same time
Chittu comes there to kill Varghese
'Watching Raghavan and
Kamatchi beat up Varghese'
'He takes a video'
Hearing some sound
'Raghavan and Kamatchi
flee from that spot'
Varghese is injured badly
'Chittarasan strangles him
with a steel wire'
The video he recorded
'He sent it anonymously to the police'
'And confused everyone'
Sir. he didn't even have the guts
to profess his love to me directly
I called and spoke to him
He is a good person. sir
You have seen his good side. dear
To our police team
he is a murderer
I thought I had given birth
to 2 rowdy-girls
But those 2 rowdies have
hooked on to 2 accused!
I just can't bear this
Sorry. dear
- Turn around
- Turn
Why didn't you tell me?
Amma said we should choose
the right time to tell you
Hey! Then I told you
to tell your father
Yes. you told me
But I broke up with him
That's why I didn't tell you. pa
Oh! Break up. huh?
Then what. sir?
They fell in love
and fell out of love
So your investigation stops here
Tell them the rest of it
'Appa. after that
we patched up'
After a break-up
why did you need a patch-up?
No. pa
'We both felt miserable
without each other'
So why feel terrible?
We talked it over
and patched up. pa
When I went back to tell amma
Game over?
3 break-up
2 patch-up till now. pa
- 'Total 5'
- Oh God!
Now is it a break-up
or relationship?
Relationship. pa
But we have taken a break
AIYO!
Have you given birth to a daughter?
Are you conducting the investigation
or did we come here to do so?
I swear I can't handle this. sir
Can I help myself to the balm?
Sniff hard once
into your nostrils
With a deep inhale
Aiyaiyo!
You know I'm in poor health!
Sorry. sir
He won't really hit me
Just for fun
He will make a fake strike. that's all
Why should Chittu kill Varghese. sir?
Greed for money of course
'Varghese was dealing with drugs
worth a mere Rs 10000 to Rs 15000'
'Chittu entrusted him
with drugs worth 5 million'
'Chittu told him to keep it safe'
'Can Varghese zip his lips?
He sells it to another party'
'Varghese lies to Chittu
claiming someone stole the stash'
'Unable to bear
his friend's royal betrayal'
Chittu kills Varghese
Aiyo!
Sir. my daughters have
no role to play in this drama
Be patient. sir
That Chittu
Has given your daughter Sakthi
cocaine worth 25 lakhs
I can't believe whatever
you are saying. sir
Even the police can't believe
how dangerous a criminal your lover is
The day before he killed Varghese
'He gave a fake complaint
in the station about his missing bike'
Police are looking
for the murderer outside
'Varghese's killer coolly sits
outside the police station'
'And he is spying on the police'
'Now do you realize'
'What a master criminal
your lover Chittu is?'
Wretched scoundrel!
Is that why you were
delayed in coming here?
Yes
Where have you hidden
the cocaine your Chittu gave you?
Sir. I haven't stashed any cocaine here
You are just asking
whatever comes to your mind?
I can't agree to your deductions
Oh! You won't accept it?
Hello. bring her to the station
I'll prove it to her using Chittu
Sir...sir
Aren't you the one
who sent us the Speed Post?
- What Speed Post?
- Not him
- Did you send?
- Not him either
Was it you then?
Yes. it was me
What 'Speed Post'?
Nothing. sir
I had a niggling doubt on all 3 of them
regarding this murder case
So I was sending them
ransom notes often
Why did you do that?
From my childhood
I was very keen on
joining the police force. sir
I'll breeze through the physical tests
But when it came to written tests
I was failing continuously
'After repeated attempts'
I crossed the eligibility age
Because of that police mind
churning within me
Even now. I was
sitting at home by myself
'I was doing my own investigation'
That's all. sir
Thank God you failed the test
Hey! What have you done with your life?
The Inspector is saying
all kinds of stuff
Sorry. Molly
I'll hit you if you call me
'Poppy Molly'
You have given me cocaine
worth 25 lakhs it seems
Pothead
Weed junkie!
Did you really do all this?
Yes. Molly
Sorry
Sakthi
Then did you kill Varghese and Mustafa?
Why are you looking there?
Answer me
Then where did you hide
that stash worth 2.5 million?
In your house
'The cops came to your house
when I was leaving'
'I got scared and hid it
in a carton in your box'
You planned this deliberately
trying to get all of us behind bars
Tell me. da
Safe-
Safety measure
'Is this the way to earn?'
'Do you need to earn
in this crooked way?'
Thanks. ma
Why thank me
for spitting on his face?
He didn't respond to our questioning
He opened up immediately to you
He is very true to your love
Kovi. did you
record everything?
- Pucca record. sir
- Very good
Will you return the stash in your place?
Aiyo!
Sakthi
- Sakthi
- Kovi. follow her
- Okay. sir
- Sakthi
Sakthi. it is true I smuggled drugs
'But I didn't plan to kill anyone'
- Sakthi
- Parasakthi
'I swear-'
'Sakthi'
Do you know Naveen?
Friend. sir
He died. he was
like a brother to me
He is my son
Thank you
Thank you for everything
Go home safe
- Sudhandhiram
- What happened?
Everything is over
We don't have any problem hereafter
We have stacked those old cartons
Inside one of those boxes
That boy has hidden the cocaine
Keep it safe
I'll be home soon
Good lord!
Didn't I clean up the whole house
the day my sister was visiting us?
I disposed everything
on weight basis. dear
[shocked gasp]
Soooper!
- Super. dear
- How did I know?
Middle class family members
Whichever the place
Whatever the time
Not even a single day
He won't let them relax
heaving a sigh of relief
That God
Am I right?
Thank You!
Come
Sakthi
Varghese's murderer
It wasn't Chittu. dear
Then who. pa?
'Sakthi. it is true I smuggled drugs'
'But I did not kill anyone'
'Sakthi. I swear this is the truth'
I've tracked down your network
You have to go behind bars
for the crime you committed
That's of no use to you or to me
One other option
I have to kill you right here
That serves no purpose
to me or to you
I'll offer a soooper deal for you
Kill that Varghese
You take over his business
and carry on. we share 50-50
You handle the business shrewdly
I'll back you up and take good care of you
Or else 25 years in Puzhal jail
stuck within 4 dirty walls eating gruel
Business or broth?
Why should I kill Mustafa. sir?
If you don't. we'll get caught. da
You are poking your nose unnecessarily
I'm warning you
LISTEN TO ME
Hey! The gun may go off
HEAR ME OUT. DA
Sir. I won't kill
Varghese's mother
I won't let you kill her either
I got to know the real 'aroma'
of her cooking
That Inspector is the main culprit
for everything. Chittu
He must have killed my son
Hey kiddo
Why are you off color?
Seniors are using drugs
in the college bus and torturing us. pa
- Go and complain
- Don't complain
- You go in another bus
- Shut up. di
Sir. seniors are using drugs
in the college bus and torturing us
Ask them to meet me
Is this college
or something else?
I am suspending you for 1 month
Sir...sir. please sir
If you repeat this once more
I have to dismiss you
- Don't do this to us. sir
- Get out of my room
'Don't hit me. bro
It hurts. don't hit'
I didn't tell. bro
Please let me go
'Yes. his name is Naveen'
'He had the gall to
snitch on us to the Principal'
Hit him
'You deserve to die'
Smash your face
beyond recognition
Hello?
'In India. only in Tamil Nadu
there is 0% drugs usage'
'Because of crimes elsewhere'
'No one can blame Tamil Nadu in toto'
'Within 24 hours of the crime'
'Tamil Nadu Police department
has imprisoned the accused'
'Law & order here is-'
'Sir. I'm not standing before you
as a police man in uniform'
1000s of children are sacrificed
to the scourge of drug abuse
I stand here as one such father. sir
Drug trafficking
has to be wiped out. sir
It has spread like cancer
in our society. sir
If a 13 year old boy
Gets addicted to drugs for 3 years
He becomes mad in 4-5 years
He goes to an early grave. sir
This has to be eradicated. sir
Otherwise a whole generation
will be eliminated. sir
'The present generation
is excelling in studies'
'Jobs. sports'
'Lawyers fighting for justice'
'Police who will stand up
against injustice'
'They are showing good progress. sir'
'In the midst of this dream is a gang
peddling poison called drugs'
'If we don't eliminate this gang'
Our land will end up
as a grave yard. sir
Only solution
Power held in the hands of our superiors
If you hand it over to us
We will wipe out
this drug mafia. sir
We will control drug abuse. sir
Emperuman
I may have an IPS degree to my name
But a minister who has passed
a mere 10th grade has more power
What do you want me to do?
'Instead of challenging the system
just salute and do your assigned job'
'Sir. drug addict'
'You robbed me of authority'
'But I converted your system as my weapon'
'In our country'
'Even if one person
dares to deal with drugs'
'I. Emperuman.
will stand before him'
'And destroy him'
Taken everything?
I'll return your deposit
minus rent for 3 months
Take rent for 10 months altogether
That is your wish
Have you committed to another murder?
Don't rejoice too much
over another man's sorrow
When you have trouble
knocking at your door
No one will be around
to cry with you
No one will come to help
when I am in trouble
Quoting old proverbs
in the form of a new dialog
Go and take Sudhandhiram to Pala-
'You should have aimed at his mouth'
Go. be confident
All of you will be behind bars
subtitled by rekhs
calibrated by pradeep
- Anna
- Tell me
Koviyan has snitched
about you to Asst Commissioner
Sir. Inspector Emperuman
is behind all these murders
Seriously?
Not only that. he has planned to
kill Chittu serving jail term. sir
'Chittu?'
'He has to hang from a fan today'
- Okay. anna
- Hey!
You can't see such a father
anywhere in the world. girls
Will anyone shift all the stuff
in such a higgledy piggledy way?
Inspector
Switch on the speaker
Sakthi. I'll follow you
wherever you go
Whatever dilemma you are in
I will ensure you are safe
Okay. sir
Not 'sir'. my dear
Dad
Okay. pa
'Inspector sir'
Parimala speaking
I am indebted to you
for this protection always. sir
- But first you be safe and sound
- Why?
Every truth. at all times. truth be told
cannot be hidden from everyone. sir
We know every single deed you did
What do you know?
[triumphant laughter]
I will share those details
with you in Part II. sir
[know-it-all laughter]
'Tearing us apart'
"Who are you to block the way?
Step inside and see the play!"
"A deadly game where lives are lost
Facing the gun. you pay the cost"